[DOC] Add extra description of the SASL_PLAIN authentication mechanism (#4605)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/proc-oauth-authentication-broker-config.adoc

<5> (Only applicable when using `introspectionEndpointUri`) Depending on the authorization server you are using, the introspection endpoint may or may not return the _token type_ attribute, or it may contain different values. You can specify a valid token type value that the response from the introspection endpoint has to contain.
<6> (Only applicable when using `introspectionEndpointUri`) The authorization server may be configured or implemented in such a way to not provide any identifiable information in an Introspection Endpoint response. In order to obtain the user ID, you can configure the URI of the `userinfo` endpoint as a fallback. The `userNameClaim`, `fallbackUserNameClaim`, and `fallbackUserNamePrefix` settings are applied to the response of `userinfo` endpoint.

> <7> Set this to `false` in order to disable the OAUTHBEARER mechanism on the listener. At least one of PLAIN or OAUTHBEARER has to be enabled. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> Set this to `false`to disable the OAUTHBEARER mechanism on the listener. At least one of PLAIN or OAUTHBEARER has to be enabled. Default is `true`.
```

> <8> Set this to `true` in order to enable the PLAIN mechanism on the listener, which is supported by all clients on all platforms. The Kafka client has to enable the PLAIN mechanism and set the `username` and the `password`. This mechanism can be used to authenticate either by using the OAuth access token, or by using the OAuth clientId and secret (client credentials). If the client sets `username` to `access-token` then the password is interpreted as access token on the server, otherwise the user is interpreted as the clientId, and password as the client secret. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<8> Set this to `true` in order to enable the PLAIN mechanism on the listener, which is supported by all clients on all platforms. The Kafka client has to enable the PLAIN mechanism and set the `username` and the `password`. This mechanism can be used to authenticate either by using the OAuth access token, or by using the OAuth clientId and secret (client credentials). If the client sets `password` to start with a string `$accessToken:` then the password is interpreted as access token on the server, and `username` as the account username, otherwise the user is interpreted as the clientId, and password as the client secret. Default is `false`.
```

> <8> Set this to `true` in order to enable the PLAIN mechanism on the listener, which is supported by all clients on all platforms. The Kafka client has to enable the PLAIN mechanism and set the `username` and the `password`. This mechanism can be used to authenticate either by using the OAuth access token, or by using the OAuth clientId and secret (client credentials). If the client sets `password` to start with a string `$accessToken:` then the password is interpreted as access token on the server, and `username` as the account username, otherwise the user is interpreted as the clientId, and password as the client secret. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> Set this to `true` to enable the PLAIN mechanism on the listener, which is supported by all clients on all platforms. The Kafka client has to enable the PLAIN mechanism and set the `username` and the `password`. This mechanism can be used to authenticate either by using the OAuth access token, or by using the OAuth client id and secret (client credentials). If the client sets `password` to start with the string `$accessToken:`, the password is interpreted as the access token on the server, and `username` as the account username, otherwise the user is interpreted as the client id, and password as the client secret. Default is `false`.
```
